# Chaoss-Microtasks 

Microtasks for GSoC Idea: Boosting data processing in GrimoireLab

# Microtask 1:

Task: Set up Perceval to be executed from PyCharm. 

The Task can be found here

# Microtask 2:
Create a Python script to execute Perceval via its Python interface using the Git and GitHub backends. Feel free to select any target repository

The Task can be found here
# Microtask 3:
Based on the JSON documents produced by Perceval and its source code, try to answer the following questions:

What is the meaning of the JSON attribute timestamp?

What is the meaning of the JSON attribute updated_on?

What is the meaning of the JSON attribute origin?

What is the meaning of the JSON attribute category?

How many categories do the Git and GitHub backends have?

What is the meaning of the JSON attribute uuid?

What is the meaning of the JSON attribute search_fields?

What is stored in the attribute data of each JSON document produced by Perceval?

Identify the code in charge of dealing with remote APIs and explain its logic.

Which is the folder that stores the archives generated by Perceval?

The task can be found here
# Microtask 4:
Set up a dev environment to work on GrimoireLab. 

Have a look to https://github.com/chaoss/grimoirelab-sirmordred#setting-up-a-pycharm-dev-environment.

The Task can be found here
# Microtask 5:

Execute micro-mordred to collect and enrich data from any Git repository.

Task can be found here
# Microtask 6:
Execute micro-mordred to obtain data from the study enrich_areas_of_code for any Git repository.

The Task can be found here
# Microtask 7:
Execute micro-mordred to collect and enrich data from any GitHub repository, making sure that no archives are created by Perceval.

The Task can be found here
# Microtask 8:
In your machine, run the tests for ELK within PyCharm. If you succeed, you can try to run the coverage package on the ELK tests and report the details of each file.

The Task can be found here
# Microtask 9:
Submit at least a PR to one of the GrimoireLab repositories to fix an issue, improve the documentation, etc.

The Task can be found here

# Microtask 10:
Submit a PR to ELK to increase the test coverage of one or more files located at https://github.com/chaoss/grimoirelab-elk/tree/master/grimoire_elk/enriched

The Task can be found here
